docs(readme): Document most configuration options (#30)
Optravis-LLC/jooq-gradle: README.md

    * apply flyway migrations from `src/main/resources/db/migration`
    * run jOOQ code generator with a configuration tailored for Kotlin Projects
* Make the `compileKotlin` task depend on `generateJooq`
* Add the generated jOOQ code to the main source set

> [!NOTE]
>
> This plugin requires a `docker` installation

## Configuration

In general, this gradle plugin aims to require as little configuration as possible and all configuration is optional.

But here are the available configuration options with their default values:

*build.gradle.kts*
```kotlin
import com.optravis.jooq.gradle.ContainerConfig
import com.optravis.jooq.gradle.ExperimentalJooqGeneratorConfig
import com.optravis.jooq.gradle.GeneratorType
import com.optravis.jooq.gradle.JooqDatabaseConfig
import com.optravis.jooq.gradle.JooqGeneratorConfig

> // If defined, the `group` determines the package name of the generated code 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// The `group` determines the package name of the generated code,
// unless you specify the package name explicitly.
```

> group = "org.jooq.generated"

Reviewer 2: I'm nor sure if this is a good example. Generally speaking, the `group` should have something to do with the project. Maybe a better example would be
```
group = "my.project"
```
?

Reviewer: I agree

Author: Yes, that's true. Here my intent was not to suggest what one should write, but rather what is the default if not set.

But after a discussion with @ursjoss, we decided to remove the default value of `org.jooq.generated` as that's misleading. Instead, the task will fail if neither the group, nor the package name is defined.

And I will apply your suggestion for the readme @bartkummel ;-)

@OptIn(ExperimentalJooqGeneratorConfig::class)
jooqGenerator {

    // Configure Postgres container version
    containerConfig.set(ContainerConfig.postgres(version = "16"))

    // Configure jOOQ database
    jooqDbConfig.set(
        JooqDatabaseConfig.postgres(
            schema = "public",
            recordVersionFields = emptyList(),
        )
    )

    // Override the package name

>     packageName.set("$group.jooq") // If the group is not set, the default is `org.jooq.generated`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    packageName.set("$group.jooq") // If neither the package name nor the group is set explicitly, the package name defaults to `org.jooq.generated`
```

    * apply flyway migrations from `src/main/resources/db/migration`
    * run jOOQ code generator with a configuration tailored for Kotlin Projects
* Make the `compileKotlin` task depend on `generateJooq`
* Add the generated jOOQ code to the main source set

> [!NOTE]
>
> This plugin requires a `docker` installation

## Configuration

> In general, this gradle plugin aims to require as little configuration as possible and all configuration is optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In general, this gradle plugin aims to require as little configuration as possible and almost all configuration is optional.
```
